hey guys I'm going to share exactly how
we ranked number one within 50 days
outranking HubSpot cxl Pavilion cognism
and some giant SAS and B2B Brands not
only did we rank from scratch number one
in 50 days but we also drove leads
signups and P close one paid Revenue
within 67 days from scratch I'm going to
break down that entire strategy there's
a little bit of a myth in SEO that it
takes 6 12 18 months to see results
truth is if you have a bias towards
action you can see results within 90
days and I'm going to go through the
exact strategy we followed but first let
me show you a bit of proof if you're
watching as opposed to
[Music]
listening so one of our Focus keywords
was demand generation course and if we
scroll down on Google to the organic
number one we can see our client the B2B
playbook.com there we go position one
demand generation course and underneath
them we can see those competitors that
were above cognism
cxl we can see Pavilion and of course
the giant that is HubSpot and to give
you an idea of a bit of an impact and
show that something like this is
possible perhaps if you've got a
relatively new website or you haven't
done much SEO in the past if we look at
hubspot's domain Authority we can see
that they've got a domain rating of
93 and our client the B2B playbook.com
they had a they have a domain rating
right now of 28 but before we started I
think it was much lower like 15 16 17
something like that so it's gone up a
few points with the strategies that we
are going to dive into so first things
first when we discussed that they wanted
to start driving inbound leads and
revenue for their company through
organic SEO first thing we discussed St
let's nail down the money
keywords let's assign let's work out
what is a prospect most likely to search
on Google when they have high intent to
speak to a salesperson around your offer
in their case the B2B Playbook their
main offer is a B2B demand generation
course demand generation training so
much like when we work with SAS clients
I usually I work in very simple
strategies I normally get them to list
out what is your main offer that you
want to be selling what are some of the
main industries that have the problem
you fixed understand the impact of it
and motivated to solve it and have cash
to easily invest in it and then how can
we build those out into longtail
keywords keywords that have multiple
words within them that have a little bit
of search volume but if someone's going
to search for it they have high intent
that they're they're going to be quite
likely to invest in your offer so they
were talking around demand generation
training demand generation course so we
went to in this case h refs I wanted to
check so I looked up demand
generation course within
HS and we saw that didn't have a ton of
search volume so 60 Global search volume
but we knew that people if they went to
in their case they target B2B marketers
if someone's going to Google typing in
demand generation course they're not
doing it for fun they're not really
doing it to get information it's a
commercial it's a bottom of funnel
keyword that if someone's looking for it
they're probably quite interested in
sorting out a demand generation course
for themsel so that was one of the first
thing we defined in this case this is
one of the money bottom of funnel
keywords we wanted to rank for to drive
leads and potential Revenue once we'
established that this was one of the
agreed money keywords we went ahead and
quite literally Googled the keyword so
demand generation course before we got
the B2B Playbook number one organic we
could see cognism ranking organic one
then
cxl and HubSpot so we took a look at
those top three results to see how they
were structured to see where we could
win gaps in their strategy and how we
could blow these Pages out the water
with our content so if we look at
cognism
page they've got the demand generation
Playbook course and essentially it's a
bunch of videos that you can consume
that will help you improve demand
generation not so much paid more free
video clips that you can
consume not a ton of content on the page
itself which we noticed that we could
strike on not much information in
general
more a little intro at the start of the
page above the fold and then a bunch of
video clips that you can work your way
through that was the cognism page and
then if we look at the cxl
page they have got a demand generation
course so there's did have a hero area
and essentially it was again a sign up
an option to sign up it explains that
they've got that you can become greater
demand generation explains who the
course owner was had some social proof
of companies that have done their
training had a little intro
video talked about the trainer ramley
and then at bottom of the page it kind
of broke down what was entailed within
that course so we thought okay what can
we do to kind of make our page more
useful more helpful and at the same time
one thing that I should mention is when
it comes to assessing what ranks so in
this
case for our Focus keyword which we'd
assigned demand generation course we
could see we assess the intent so we
could see that typically landing pages
rank quite well for this keyword so we
agreed that a landing page makes sense
as opposed to an article page a
comparison page a lisal page or similar
so we agreed we do a landing page and
then a lot of a lot of technical SEO for
B2B and SAS is to be fair quite BS so
you don't need to do tons of technical
SEO until you get to thousands of pages
on your website more Enterprise level or
more e-commerce level a lot of B2B and
SAS websites are generally thin on
content so you need to follow the basics
and you'll be absolutely fine so in this
case demand generation course is our
main keyword so we include that within
the meta Title Here we include it within
the meta description one thing on the
meta title rather than just being demand
generation course we had in Brackets
crash your 2024 Revenue
goals and then if we dive into the page
you'll see that on their URL we have
their domain.com so the B2B playbook.com
and then for Slash and then their target
keywords so yourdomain.com SL demand
generation h- course so including that
Target keyword within URL and the other
thing to note is the H1 so the heading
one tag you only want one heading one
tag per page so the H1 includes their
target keyword with a bit of a hook so
in their case the ultimate demand
generation course hyphen crush your
Revenue Targets in
2025 so straight away on their page to
make it a bit more enticing attractive
they've got that hook in the H1 they
summarize that the demand generation
course gives btb marketing and small
teams templates tools to drive revenue
from their business they've got a
YouTube video breakdown specifically for
the course we found from our data that
embedding a YouTube video on the topic
can help you rank outrank competitors in
the sense that YouTube's owned by Google
also in the search engine results page
sometimes you can get an image next to
your listing to improve click through
rate Plus for some keywords in the
search results page Google has a video
section so you can actually rank three
videos plus your normal organic listing
so you can almost get four rankings for
one keyword so super little hack there
above they fold they've got a bit of a
scarcity only t 10 spots available then
they've got call to action where you can
apply for this cohort also above the
fold they've got some ticks that share
exactly what's entailed as we scroll
down they've weaved in some social proof
so we saw the competitors pages that we
looked at and we we thought some gaps in
their strategy were yep we can look at
YouTube video ined the other gap in the
the current pages that were ranking like
hubs spots like
cognism let say C Pages we saw that they
didn't have tons of social proof so the
social proof on this page we added was
reviews of why folks why B2B marketers
chose the course star reviews an image
with their name and a link to their
LinkedIn
profiles we've got a bit of a timeline
so you've got time to x amount of time
until the course closes for entries
along with another CTA then they
actually dive into pain points so a nice
framework to use for landing pages is
pain or problem agitate it agitate the
problem and then solution position your
solution as a painkiller to that
frustrating problem but they're
leveraging the problems that they
actually hear on sales calls on
prospecting calls so the page can really
resonate with dream clients because
there's no point in building a page if
it doesn't resonate with dream clients
problems goals jobs to be done and then
position your off offer as a painkiller
so there use really good language here
like are you struggling to drive leads
and revenue with your demand
generation are you do you feel like
you're on a hamster wheel drowning in
busy work and they've got some cool
graphics and now you can focus then
underneath they've got focus on Revenue
not just leads with the man gen so as
you scroll down it says look this is how
we're positioned this is what's wrong
with traditional lead gen and then
another cool to action to apply and then
they've got a nice comparison table so
without our demand generation course
these are the the negative things going
to see and then next to it they've got
life with a demand generation course so
these are all the upticks all the
benefits you can see a nicely presented
table which is awesome and then another
CTA and then it breaks down as we scroll
towards halfway down the page it shares
exactly what's involved in the training
program and who is running it and then
they break down nice screenshots so you
can actually so many SAS and B2B
companies fail to show in their landing
pages and their articles and more under
the Bonnet folks want to see under the
Bonnet of your offer this goes beyond
SEO people want to see what's involved
in your SAS in your tool and your
software or your service so they've got
nice screenshots as well as breaking
down what's included in this case of
course but yours might be software or
service they've got nice screenshot so
you can get under the Bonnet of the
offer and yeah they go through all the
main tools all the main offers within
their solution again screenshots of
happy people on their course breaking
down each and every segment of the
course some more social proof and
examples of what you get at the end so
the aha moment worth noting that if you
are doing these landing pages or maybe
you're maybe what ranks well for one of
your focus keywords is an article if
you're a sass look to show the aha
moment so it could be a gif that shows
if your calendar scheduling the moment
someone clicks a time and it books in
the calendar in their case their are her
moment is folks getting onto the course
getting the value from the course
showing screenshots in this landing page
but also the fact that folks get a
certificate so when you complete the
course you get a certification
and they've got that in here that you'll
get that as a as a reward for completing
it and then towards the end of the page
it breaks down everything once again
Recaps what you get and what I love what
I encourage anyone to do on a a landing
page is have an FAQ section near the
bottom but don't put generic FAQs like
if you sell software what is calendar
scheduling or in their case what is a
demand generation course leverage your
FAQs to address headon real questions
you get on sales calls prospecting calls
on boarding calls handle those
objections headon like who shouldn't
apply for this do you have a business
case for your boss they're using how
much does it cost what's the refund
policy do I get an account manager can
you train this like address all the
objections the spicy objections you get
on sales calls if you're not sure what
they are sit down with your sales cool
sit down with your sales team sit down
with your CS team bring up all the
objections and address them head on not
only is it signaling to Google that
you're trustworthy and giving useful
content you're addressing their
framework eat experience expertise
Authority trust but this is going to
speed up sales Cycles because you're
saving yourself time on calls or you're
saving your sales team time on calls
where you can literally address these
questions and folks are going to be more
encouraged to take action and convert
and then again they've got the form at
the bottom of their landing page where
folks can then apply to the course and
get started and the other thing is if
you are doing a landing page for an
offer why not mention the pricing so you
don't want to get tons of leads that
can't afford your offer you want folks
to know how much it costs and an idea of
what's entailed so you can pre-qualify
prospects because you've given all this
value within the page you've handled the
objections you've shown who it's for who
it's not for what are they going to get
at the end you've shown the AA moment
back it up with pricing and then
encourage qualified conversions so bit
of a guide there on how to the goal of
this is just to blow your competitors
Pages out the water be more useful and
be more helpful be more Trust
trustworthy and qualify and drive
qualified leads so we went through that
exercise with them we built the in-depth
monster landing page that we wanted to
rank for demand generation course they
got it
published and once it went live we were
about a month after publishing we were
lagging behind on page two so we were
still
struggling still struggling with
competitors like HubSpot cxl cism Etc
that were that were beating us that were
beating us in the rankings so we thought
right we built a decent page I think
what we need to do now because this is a
competitive keyword we can see there's
some monster Giants we need to build
some back links so the strategy that I
shared with the B2B Playbook George over
there was let's build some back links
let's signal to Google that we we've got
some Authority in this sector let's
start boosting up this page and organic
because we've built a great page but
let's earn some links so in this case we
did some quick wins
George his instance he guested on quite
a few podcasts so one way to do this if
you've perhaps yourself or maybe your
founder or your exact team has done some
past press done some past podcasts or
similar what you can do is quite
literally go on to LinkedIn if they have
done it might be not it might not be a
Founder it might be some a marketing
leader or Revenue leader copy and paste
that LinkedIn
profile Chuck it on to
H
refs and then look at
the back links that are going to the the
LinkedIn
URL so in this case what you can see is
there might be some Niche relevant High
authorative sites so example if I'm just
looking at my own LinkedIn page you're
around now but yours might be your
founder exec te
whoever I can see in this instance if
you look at the Domain rating section
you can filter by domain rating domain
Authority I can see there sites like
data box they've got 82 domain rating
cognism 76 domain rating clutch so look
for those Niche relevant authorative
sites that are linking to your LinkedIn
profile and reach out to them drop a
quick message say thanks very much for
featuring my founder or whoever it may
be reach out to whoever is responsible
for the article on LinkedIn drop them a
personalized note just say would you
mind linking to of our Target pages one
of our Target keywords that we're going
after I see you've included our LinkedIn
profile could we either switch that or
add our Target keyword that's a really
good way really quick way to earn links
for press or coverage that you've
already got and my other tip which
George followed for to ranking the B2B
Playbook is he' featured in a lot of
podcasts so he reached out to those
folks that had published the podcast he
guested on if they could on the article
page for the specific podcast if they
could add a add a backlink so do back
link to demand generation course to that
specific landing page they were trying
to rank so another tip if you've not
guested on many podcasts or if you've
not if your founder or exec team haven't
go to a site called listen notes.com
type in your Niche my Niche for example
I type in SAS marketing you might type
in fintech HR sales enablement whatever
your Niche your ICP the target clients
associate with your sector and then you
can start looking at the top five top
10% top 2.5% podcasts and you can reach
out to the hosts to start guesting on
their shows not only will this give you
PR not only will it getting you in front
of other audiences that are interested
in a niche but also when they publish
the episode you can get leads inbound
leads from listeners or Watchers but you
can ask them on the article page when
they publish it to give you a back link
to one of your focus keywords super good
if they've got an authorative website so
from memory George did this for about
1112 or so podcasts that he guested on
nearly all of them to to give them the
back link to the focus
page and low and behold by 50 days from
zero R ranking on this keyword for a
relatively low domain rating website so
if we do that comparison again I think
hubs are on about 92 domain rating and
these guys are on 20ish we managed to
get them organic one in the US I'm in
the UK so we can see it's Global organic
position one rankings for the B2B
Playbook and within 60 seven days George
reported back to us that they're getting
pipeline which resulted in one deals for
the they're selling quite a high ticket
so it's not a low ticket offer it's
in-depth B2B course that they provide
and they're getting some high ticket
Revenue off the back of that not 50 days
for ranking and 67 days to leads and
revenue so it shows you that this
strategy it doesn't always have to be 6
to 12 months to get inbounds to get
revenue from organic SEO when you do it
strategically toine those money keywords
build best class content do the
straightforward technical SEO the only
thing I didn't mention on technical SEO
internal links can be great so if you've
got other articles that are relevant to
the topic internally link to that main
landing page or that Focus article page
that you're trying to rank and likewise
in that landing page or article you want
to rank internally Link Link back to to
relevant pages so very much possible
with a strategic approach if you want to
grab this yourself I've actually wrote a
nobs mini guide so how your B2B SAS
company can follow this exact process
that we did for the B2B Playbook we've
done for a bunch of other B2B and SAS
Brands so just head over to breaking
bb.com and hit the newsletter Tab and
you can unlock it
instantly plenty more episodes on the
podcast with unusual SEO and B2
marketing strategies or if you're maybe
feeling a little frustrated that your
website is constantly low competitors
when prospects search for your offer or
your service or compare to Alternatives
or search for the problem you fix on
Google they keep seeing competitors
above you in organic search results
meaning those competitors are stealing
organic traffic inbound leads M share
and more we might be able to fix that
for your B2B or SAS with our unusual
approach to SEO head over to Breaking
bb.com to book a call with myself and
see if we can help otherwise cheers for
tuning in I shall catch you on the next
one cheers
[Music]